[ominous music playing]
[Doshi cackling]
[Doshi] Did you see that, huh? Did you?
Did you see how Vivian's body grew back?
You wanna know why?
'Cause his body contains a piece of tissue
transplanted from the God of Destruction!
[Doshi cackling]
Now I get it.
The God of Destruction.
That's what Abigail
was talking about before.
And that's bad news
because with every metamorphosis,
the God of Destruction's power increases.
On top of that,
he's wielding that damn Devil Mace thing.
Well, this will be a good warm up
for facing the real god.
[Dark Schneider] Stop! Don't make a move.
I know this ugly pile of cannon fodder
may have just gotten a lot more ugly,
but there's no need to worry.
You two just sit back and watch
the great Dark Schneider take care of it.
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
I can feel the magic rushing
through my veins like dragon piss.
And when I get this feeling, I can't lose.
[Doshi cackling]
You're not only gonna lose,
you're gonna die, you idiot!
Nuh-uh. You're gonna die!
But if it's any consolation to you,
I'll make sure that your death
is a truly magnificent one.
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
INCANTATION
[Yoko panting]
No. No.
It's… it's horrible.
The city's in ruins.
What does Dark Schneider
think he's doing down there?
[priest] Why doesn't he hurry up
and get rid of that monster!
[Yoko] Lucien…
Go on then, Viv!
Show them all the true power
of the Devil Mace in your hands!
[Vivian roaring]
[Dark Schneider] Whoa!
That thing just made boulders fly up
from the ground!
Darsh, no!
You just stay out of it!
This guy's mine!
I'm gonna put his head
on my wall as a trophy!
[Dark Schneider cackling, grunting]
I'm going down there.
-[Gara] Forget it.
-But Gara, come on!
You know what kinda guy he is.
He's an arrogant, greedy,
self-centered exhibitionist.
A hot-headed showboat
who never thinks before he acts,
and a horn-dog beyond belief.
-Worst of all-- [grunting]
-[Dark Schneider] Shut up!
Worst of all, he's rude, right?
Yeah. Something like that.
[Doshi cackling]
[Doshi] Now do you see the power
of Vivian, the immortal?
Face it. You're finished, Dark Schneider.
You're done.
Vivian, the what now?
Let me tell you something!
Don't you know that this handsome,
young hero you're looking at
is the only one
who gets to be called immortal?
Now I'm angry. You asked for it.
The earth-bursting flame…
[Doshi] Huh?
Crash Magnum!
[Vivian roaring]
[Doshi gasping]
Huh? What the hell?
[squelching]
[Dark Schneider cackling]
What did you think of that one, huh?
And that was only a tiny fraction
of the powers I've got at my command!
I'm a genius wizard who-- Wha…?
Huh?
-[Vivian growling]
-[Dark Schneider gasping]
Look at that! Isn't that just amazing?
I mean, you've got to admit
the God of Destruction's
regenerative powers are pretty astounding!
Attaboy, Vivian!
[gasping] How are you supposed
to fight something
that can grow it's own head back?
Yeah. He's gonna need help.
[Dark Schneider] Stay back!
Try to interfere,
and I swear I'll kill you!
Ugh! You idiot!
Why do you have to be so stubborn?
Are you too proud
to admit you might need help?
I don't!
You two would only slow me down, anyway!
[growling] All right, fine. Suit yourself.
We'll stay here and watch you lose!
Well, some things never change.
Seriously!
He's morphed into a new form.
He's even more dangerous now
than he was before.
The more pieces of him you cut off,
the more he grows back
and the stronger he gets.
Plus, he's got that crazy weapon.
So, get real!
The three of us are gonna have
to work together to beat that thing
just like they do in shonen manga!
What are you talking about?
Don't give me that "Shonen manga" crap.
I got my own plan I'm working on!
Give me a break, will you?
You haven't got a plan!
You never had a plan!
That's what's wrong with you!
Well, I'm gonna win anyway.
My God.
He's always been way too confident
in himself, but this is ridiculous.
-It's why I like him.
-[Gara] Hmm.
[Vivian growling]
[cackling] You'll need more
than confidence to win this fight.
The time has come for you to witness
the true power of the Devil Mace!
What? Again?
[intense music playing]
The mace, why is it shining like that?
I don't know, but it can't be good.
[Doshi cackling]
The earth goddess!
When you feel the ground shake,
that's her life force
running through the earth.
The Devil Mace is more powerful
than the Fire Sword or the Raijinken
because it can control that life force.
Once the mace is fully charged,
it wields enough power to destroy
every city in this entire region
with just a single blow!
[gasping]
Fare thee well, Dark Schneider!
Wait a second! [screaming]
[both grunting]
[grunting] Dark Schneider!
Darsh, don't do it!
-[priests shuddering]
-Lucien, no!
[Doshi cackling]
[Doshi] Not so cocky now, are you?
You just got what you deserved,
you big dummy!
You arrogant, greedy,
self-centered exhibitionist!
You're a hot-headed showboat
who never thinks before he acts,
as well as a horn-dog beyond belief,
and on top of that--
[Doshi screaming]
[Dark Schneider] On top of that,
I'm so handsome it hurts, right?
-[Doshi screaming]
-[hard rock music playing]
[Dark Schneider cackling]
You're the dummy!
What good's an attack
from the ground gonna do
when I can just go up in the air?
Oh, Darsh!
So he's alive,
and he's still in one piece.
What a relief.
[screaming] I can't see! I can't see!
What have you done? I can't see!
[Dark Schneider cackling] Look!
Your little monster friend
isn't doing so well.
I think he's in pain.
[Doshi] What do you mean?
I can't see anything!
-What's going on? Vivian, what's wrong?
-[Vivian roaring]
[gasping] What's happening?
[roaring]
What's the matter with that thing?
It's… it's rejecting the transplant!
Isn't that interesting?
This guy's body isn't strong enough
to handle the power
of that piece of tissue
transplanted from the God of Destruction!
His body's rejecting it!
The nerve connections are being destroyed!
The God of Destruction's tissue
is separating from Mr. Cyclops here!
[Arshes] Incredible.
That even a small piece of tissue
carries so much life force…
[Vivian growling]
[Arshes] That truly is
a God of Destruction.
If Anthrasax is resurrected,
we'll never be able to build utopia!
Everything will be destroyed!
You see that? I just won!
[cackling] I totally won!
-Oh, I forgot you can't see anything.
-[Doshi screaming]
This is the moment I've been waiting for!
It's all going exactly as I planned!
[cackling]
Oh, what did I tell you?
He was just making it all up
as he went along.
Pretty impressive, isn't it?
Gara! Arshes!
What are you doing over there?
You just gonna stand and watch?
You gonna make me do everything by myself?
I know you're super busy,
but why don't you try
making yourselves useful?
Yeah, yeah. All right.
[Arshes chuckling]
[Dark Schneider] Okay. Here we go!
-[hard rock music playing]
-Hear me now, oh dark ones!
-Hear me, oh void!
-No, no. Please, not that spell!
In Hades' flames and sabbath's lies…
Secret Haouken Thunder Claw Strike!
True Majinken!
[Vivian roaring]
[Dark Schneider]
…in paranoid dreams that never say die.
Eternal idol of heaven and hell…
from volume four, I cast iron man's spell!
Come on, come on! Die already!
Iommi geezer Ozzy!
[Yoko gasping]
[Gara grunting]
Ozzy iommi geezer?
That's one of the forbidden spells
of the High Ancients!
One they never even wrote down.
How do you like the taste
of those black flames of the underworld?
Spicy, aren't they?
Bye-bye.
Don't forget to write.
[Dark Schneider cackling]
Damn you, Dark Schneider!
But you just wait.
This isn't over yet, I promise you that.
The next undead, the one that's coming,
you won't be able to beat him!
[Doshi cackling]
[Doshi] You can't beat him.
Wanna know why?
[Doshi grunting, screaming]
What's going on? What…?
I can't tell what's going on!
I can't see anything!
Where am I going?
Someone please tell me where I'm going!
Anyone!
[wind blowing gently]
[scoffing] I won.
I won, and I did it all by myself.
By yourself? Like hell you did.
We haven't used that combo attack
in a long time.
Made pretty quick work of him, didn't we?
Yeah. Well, it was my spell
that clinched the win.
You idiot!
We're the ones who bought you enough time
to recite
that ridiculously long spell of yours!
I never knew you had a spell like that.
If you'd used a powerful spell like that
against me,
you could've won our battle in no time.
[Arshes crying]
[Arshes] I love you.
Hey! Hey, Lucien!
Huh? Oh, hi, Yoko!
[Yoko panting]
[contemplative music playing]
Did your…
did your spell really do all this?
[chuckling] Well, yeah.
I could try to explain it to you,
but it's a little complicated.
You see, the spell creates
an independent hyperspace
by generating a magnetic field,
or magical barrier.
Then, transferring matter
between hyperspaces within that barrier,
the atoms
in the overlapping matter collide,
and the neutrons split
in a process of nuclear fission,
generating an incredible amount of heat.
-[Yoko] Hmm.
-Wow. You don't say.
[Dark Schneider] Just now,
I introduced a tiny pocket of air
into the ground between me and him,
generating an instantaneous
sphere of energy
that burned the monster to a crisp
and transported everything
within the area to another dimension.
What do you think the temperature was
inside that sphere of energy?
Ten-thousand degrees, maybe?
Try more
like several hundred-million degrees.
[cackling]
At that temperature, even that thing
couldn't regenerate it's body.
We're talking a hell of a spell here.
That's why it takes so long to say it all.
In fact, that spell is so dangerous
that the High Ancients themselves
made it forbidden.
Only a genius wizard like me,
Dark Schneider,
is capable of casting
such an advanced spell.
-Impressive, huh?
-[Yoko growling]
Come on. Come on, you could say it.
You're impressed. [cackling]
You dope!
If you ever use a spell like that again,
I swear I'll--
She hit me! You see that?
[Yoko] You're lucky everybody
had already been evacuated!
You destroyed the whole city!
What are you going to do about that?
Who's going to rebuild it?
The city would've been better off
left to the Cyclops.
Look what you've done!
You're right!
I don't know what I was thinking!
-I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
-[Arshes scoffing]
[Yoko] Are you really sorry?
[Dark Schneider]
I am so, so, so, so sorry!
I can't tell you how sorry I am!
Please forgive me! Please?
-[ominous music playing]
-[Abigail cackling]
Incredible.
So amazing
that you just can't help but laugh.
He sent my undead Cyclops to his grave,
and the tissue
from the God of Destruction with him.
That accursed demon wizard's powers
are beyond anything I ever imagined
in my worst imaginings.
Part of it is that he's got Gara and Nei
backing him up now,
guarding his flanks
and buying him enough time
to chant longer
and more powerful spells from close range.
Yes. And if he's able to cast
a forbidden spell like what we just saw,
there's no telling what other spells
he might have up his sleeve.
It seems we've made an enemy
of a frighteningly formidable man.
[Abigail cackling]
We have only one option then,
a dangerous one though it may be.
The time has come
to summon the most powerful of the undead.
He who possesses the strongest magic,
and whose body is all but immortal.
He who lies hidden
in a dark, secret chamber
in the depths of an underground labyrinth
that snakes beneath the earth
through uncharted wastelands.
A place undiscovered
by even the most intrepid of adventurers.
You don't-- You couldn't possibly mean…
[Abigail] Hmm.
He who can only be summoned only by those
who have attained the highest
of the lost secret arts
behind the power of life.
The most powerful undead of all!
His power exceeds
even that of the vampires.
For he is the king of the undead!
If we can summon him, then we'll
be assured of victory over the humans!
Hmm. And I have
what it takes to summon him.
[cackling]
[Kall-Su] You want to use him
to fight Dark Schneider, I know,
but how are you going to make him do it?
[Abigail cackling]
[wind blowing gently]
My home… my home is gone.
It could be worse.
Just be grateful you're still alive.
Mama, I'm so hungry.
How long is this misery going to go on?
[Head Priest] He's a god of misfortune!
He's going to destroy the entire kingdom
even before the God of Destruction
is brought back to life.
[priest] The people are afraid, sire.
We'll have riots on our hands
if something isn't done.
Our stockpiles of food
are going to run out any day now.
Your Majesty, we simply must do something.
I wish we could,
but the fact is, gentlemen,
the monsters they control are too powerful
for any human army to face in battle.
These monsters are immortal.
The only one strong enough to defeat
Kall-Su's army is Dark Schneider.
And we simply have to face that fact.
-[all moaning]
-Oh no! Please not him.
Excuse me. Father,
if we were to destroy the last seal
wouldn't that prevent them
from resurrecting the God of Destruction?
Or we could hide it somewhere
far away from here.
[King] No.
If we were to destroy it,
we'd be releasing the last
of the spiritual seals,
and the demon god would come back to life.
What's more, they have a keen sense
for detecting magic.
So, no matter where we hid the seal,
I'm sure they would be able to find it.
No. It must come to a battle.
A hard-fought battle on which will hang
the fate of the entire human race.
We have no choice
but to put our trust in them.
[ominous music playing]
[ninja] Look!
A storm's brewing over Judas again!
[ninja 2] Is it…
is it the God of Destruction?
[ninja 3] Alert Master Gara!
[ninja] No, wait!
The storm's not over Judas Castle.
It's further to the west!
[ninja 2] What… what's going on?
[mystical music playing]
[Geo] The Demon Mail.
And the Devil Mace.
Two of the three demonic treasures
are now in our possession.
Yet, I wonder…
The Devil Mace has the power
to create devastating earthquakes.
But just as the Fire Sword
and the Raijinken,
the weapon's power
is not itself of evil origin.
It's power is neutral.
There must be another power hidden
within the mace
for which it became known as demonic.
What could it be?
[door creaking]
And as for the whereabouts
of the third demonic treasure…
Just look at that!
Takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin',
or whatever the saying is.
I'm as fresh as a daisy
and fit as a fiddle.
I've never felt better
in my whole goddamn life.
You sure about that?
Remember, you had to push yourself
pretty hard in that battle.
Oh, don't you worry your head about me.
The only thing that got hurt was my pride.
Trust me, I'm not worried about you.
[Gara] Oh.
You seem a little down.
Now that you haven't got the Raijinken,
you've lost that spunk you used to have.
Well, I'm not happy that the Raijinken
got blown into another dimension
along with the Fire Sword.
But then again,
if you have to rely on a magic sword,
you're no sword master.
Huh.
[Arshes grunting]
Nei,
you know, you act like a kid
whenever you're around Dark Schneider.
What can I say? Darsh is special.
But, I don't know.
He seems different now.
[Gara] Hmm?
Yeah. I guess he does.
All of a sudden he's nicer to me
than he ever was before.
So you're worried about him?
I'm scared, and I don't really know why.
-Or maybe I do.
-[inaudible]
Look! What's that cloud of black dust
blowing this way?
[man] I don't know,
but it's moving really fast!
I've never seen anything like it!
-What is it?
-[old man groaning]
[gasping] Elder!
[grunting] No, no!
Heavens preserve us. Not this again.
[man 2] You know what that thing is?
Oh, yes. I've seen it before
when I was a child.
It was on the Missi-ssissippi river
in Neva-Nevada,
and I was with old man Garickson on a--
[man 3] It's here! It's here!
[old man] I'm not done with my story yet!
[all screaming]
[villagers screaming, shuddering]
[man groaning]
[man] The earth, it's rotting away!
[old man groaning] It's him again!
He must have come up
from the underground labyrinth,
moving with the darkness
that eats away at the earth.
Close your eyes!
Don't look, whatever you do!
Even just looking at him
is enough to turn a human into--
[villagers groaning, shuddering]
[all screaming]
[Yoko growling]
Coochie-coochie-coo.
[Lars purring]
Ow! Take it easy!
Hey! Would you please stop moving around?
What happened to you?
You used to be a whole lot more gentle
when you did this.
That's 'cause I was doing it for Lucien.
You are all grown up now.
You can clean your own ears.
No 'cause I can't see them.
[Yoko sighing]
It's so weird how traces
of your old self still come out.
-[Yoko gasping]
-[Lars grunting]
What are you doing? Cut it out!
I told you to stop moving!
[Dark Schneider chuckling]
You know you have to do whatever I say.
After all,
I'm the one protecting this kingdom
from an evil beyond human comprehension.
If you don't obey me,
I might just go off in a huff
and let this whole place go to pieces.
You are such a scumbag!
[Yoko] Okay, okay.
I got it. Now hold still.
Boy, are you ever different from Lucien.
Oh, hi there, Yoko! [giggling]
[Yoko sighing]
-[Dark Schneider] Do you miss him? Lucien?
-[Yoko gasping]
Just as long as you don't forget that,
everything will be okay.
Listen.
If it'll make you happy,
I'll let you see Lucien again.
Hey! Dark Schneider!
Take a look outside!
[Dark Schneider] Huh?
What's got you worked up now,
Chicken Little?
[Gara] Shut up, you clown,
and take a look outside!
[ominous rock music playing]
That… that black cloud, what is it?
It's not good.
[demon] I am transcendent.
I am eternal. I am the truth.
He's here! Oh my God, oh my God!
Just try not to look him in the eye.
You'll lose your mind and then you'll die.
[soldier] All right,
you big skeleton bitch!
You want in this castle,
you gotta go through us!
[demon] Cyco, cyco,
know your worth!
Fall, decay, return to earth!
Suicidal tendencies!
[ending theme song playing]
[song fades]